Update README.md for `ants-watch` (#20)
probe-lab/ants-watch: README.md

## Overview

> * `ants-watch` is a DHT honeypot monitoring tool, logging the activity of all nodes in a DHT network.

Reviewer: It captures the DHT traffic from all DHT nodes (clients + servers)

* The tool's logic is based on the fact that peer routing requests are distributed to `k` closest nodes in the keyspace and routing table updates by DHT client (and server) nodes need to find the `k` closest DHT server peers to themselves. Therefore, placing approximately 1 `ant` node every 20 DHT server nodes can capture all DHT client nodes over time.
* The routing table update process varies across implementations, but is by default set to 10 mins in the go-libp2p implementation. This means that `ants` will record the existence of DHT client nodes approximately every 10 mins (or whatever the routing table update interval is).
* Depending on the network size, the number of `ants` as well as their location in the keyspace is adjusted automatically.
* Network size and peers distribution is obtained by querying an external [Nebula database](https://github.com/dennis-tra/nebula).
* All `ants` run from within the same process, sharing the same DHT records.
* The `ant queen` is responsible for spawning, adjusting the number and monitoring the ants as well as gathering their logs and persisting them to a central database.

> * `ants-watch` does not operate like a crawler, where after one run the number of DHT client nodes is captured. `ants-watch` captures the number of DHT clients over time and therefore, the longer it runs, the more accurate the resulting number of DHT client nodes becomes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ants-watch` does not operate like a crawler, where after one run the number of DHT client nodes is captured. `ants-watch` logs all received DHT requests and therefore, it must run continuously to provide the number of DHT client nodes over time.
```
